I have the pleasure to present to you, not to Martin Luther King.
Dear God.
[applause]
I am happy to join with you today.
In what will go down in history,
as the greatest demonstration for freedom
in the history of our nation.
[applause]
Five score years ago, a great American in whose symbolic shadow
we stand today, signed the emancipation
in this momentous decree came as a great beacon light of hope
to millions of Negro slaves who had been seared
in the flames of withering injustice.
It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night
of their captivity, but 100 years later,
the Negro steel is not free.
100 years later, the life of the Negro steel
satley crippled by the manacles of segregation
and the chains of discrimination.
100 years later, the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up,
live out the true meaning of its creed.
We hold these truths to be self-evident
that all men are created.
I have a dream that one day on the radio to join,
sons of father slaves and the sons of father slave,
will be able to sit down together
at the table of brotherhood.
I have a dream, one day, even the state of Mississippi
of state, sweltering with the heat of injustice,
sweltering with the heat of oppression,
be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice.
I have a dream.
I have a dream that one day live in a nation
where they will love be judged by the color of their skin
but by the content of their character.
I have a dream that one day, down in Alabama,
with its fisher races, with its governor,
having his lips tripping with the words of interposition
and notification, when they write that in Alabama,
little black bars and black girls,
will be able to join hands with little white bars
and white girls as sisters and brothers.
I have a dream to be.
[APPLAUSE]
I have a dream that one day, everybody shall be insulted.
Never hailing mountains, so be men, all the rough places
will be made plain, and the crooked places
will be made straight, and before the Lord shall be
revealed and all the flesh shall see it together.
This is our hope.
This is a pain that I know back to the sun with this faith.
We will be able to hear out of the mountain of the staff
a stone of hope.
With this faith, we will be able to transform
the dangling discourse of our nation
into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood.
With this faith, we will be able to work together
to pray together, to struggle together,
to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together,
knowing that we will be free one day.
[APPLAUSE]
[INAUDIBLE]
We need the day with all the thoughts to be able to sing
with new meaning by contrativity.
We land of liberty of the our sins.
Land where my fathers died, land of the pilgrims' pride.
From every mountainside, let freedom
ring in America's to be a great nation.
This must become true.
So let freedom reign.
From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire.
Let freedom reign.
From the mighty mountains of New York.
Let freedom reign from the Heightening Allegheny's
of Pennsylvania.
Let freedom reign from the snow cap rockers of Colorado.
Let freedom reign from the care base of slopes of California.
But not on to that.
Let freedom reign from stone mountain of Georgia.
Let freedom reign from look up mountain of Tennessee.
Let freedom reign from every hill and more hill
of Mississippi from every mountainside.
Let freedom reign from New Hampshire.
Let freedom reign from every village
and ever hamlet from every state and every state.
We will be able to speed up that day with all of God's children.
God's men and white men, Jews and Gentiles.
Constance and Catholic will be able to join hands
and sing in the Word of the only God's spiritual.
Fearless, fearless, thank God Almighty.
