I have the pleasure to present to you not to Martin Luther King.
Dear God!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
I am happy to join with you today.
In what will go down in history as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the
history of our nation.
5 score years ago, a great American in whose symbolic shadow we stand today signed the
emancipation, proclamation.
This momentous decree came as a great beacon light of hope to millions of Negro slaves
who had been seared in the flames of withering injustice.
It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night of their captivity, but 100 years later,
the Negro still is not free.
One hundred years later, the life of the Negroes still sadly crippled by the manacles
of segregation and the chains of discrimination, one hundred years later.
The Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up live out the true
meaning of its creed we hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are
created it.
I have a dream that one day on the radio to draw,
sons of fathers slaves and sons of fathers slave,
will be able to sit down together at the table of
I have a dream.
One day, even the state of Mississippi of state,
sweltering with the heat of injustice,
sweltering with the heat of oppression,
be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice.
I have a dream.
I have a dream.
My poor little children, one day live in a nation where they will love be judged by the
color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
I have a dream for you.
I have a dream that one day down in Alabama with its fisheries.
With its governor having his lips dripping with the words of interposition and notification.
One day right now in Alabama, little black bars and black girls, we'll be able to
join hands with little white bars and white girls as sisters in brother.
I have a dream to be.
I have a dream that one day everybody shall be exalted.
Never healing mountains, so be man over.
The rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight, and
the whole of the north shall be revealed in all the flesh.
So see you together.
This is our hope.
This is a pain that I go back to the Sun with.
With this faith, we will be able to hear out of the mountain of the
staff of Sonopho.
With this faith, we will be able to transform the
dangling discourse of our nation into a beautiful
symphony of brotherhood.
With this faith, we will be able to work together to pray together
to struggle together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing
that we will speak free one day.
That's what we need.
That's what we need today, we'll all look up to.
Be able to sing with new meaning by contrativity.
We land of liberty of the our sins.
and ram a father's die and land of the Pilgrims' pride.
From every mountainside, let freedom reign
and America is to be a great nation.
This must become true.
So let freedom reign.
From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire.
Let freedom reign.
From the mighty mountains of New York.
Let freedom reign from the heightening
Allegheny's of Pennsylvania.
freedom reigns from the snow cap Rockets of Colorado.
Let freedom reigns from the Carbace of Slopes of California.
But not on to that.
Let freedom reigns from stone mountain of Georgia.
Let freedom reigns from look out mountain of Tennessee.
Let freedom reigns from every hill and more hill of Mississippi from every mountain
We will be able to speed up that day with all of our children, black men and white men,
Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholic will be able to join hands with the
We all have got children, black men and white men,
2,000, 10,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.
We'll be able to join hands and sing in the Word
of the only both spiritual, fearless, fearless,
thank you for the learning.
