I have the pleasure to present to you, Dr. Martin Luther King, J.R. I am happy to John with you today. In what will go down in history, as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation. Five score years ago, a great American in whose symbolic shadow we stand today. Signed the Emancipation Proclamation. This momentous decree came... as a great beacon light of hope to millions of Negro slaves who had been seared in the flames of withering injustice. It came as a joyous daybreak, to end the long night of their captivity. But 100 years later, the Negro still is not free. 100 years later, the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation, and the chains of discrimination, 100 years later, the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty. I have a dream that one day... Yes This nation will rise up. Live out the true meaning of its creed. We hold these Jews to be self evident that all men are created equal. I have a dream... that one day on the Red Hills adjourn, sons of farmer slaves, and the sons of farmer slaves, will they be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood. I have a dream. that one day, even the state of Mississippi, a state, sweltering with the heat of injustice. Sweltering with the heat of oppression, be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice. I have a dream. My poor little children... will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. I have a dream. I have a dream that one day... down... in Alabama, with its vicious races, with its governor having his lips dripping with the words of interposition and nullification. One day right now, in Alabama, little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls, as sisters and brothers. I have a dream today. I have a dream that one day, every valley shall be exhausted. Every hill and mountain shall be made, Lord, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together. This is our hope. This is the thing that I go back to the South with, with this faith. We will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope. With this faith, we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith, we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day. This will be the day with all the cross children. Yeah. And be able to sing with new meaning, my country tears of these. Sweet land of liberty of be our sin. Land where my fathers died, land of the pilgrims pride. From every mountainside. Let freedom ring in America is to be a great nation. This must become true. And so let freedom reign. From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire. Let freedom reign, from the mighty mountains of New York. Let freedom rain from the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania. Let freedom ring from the snow capped Rockies of Colorado. Let freedom ring from the provincial slopes of California. But not only that, let freedom ring from Stone Mountain of Georgia. Let freedom ring from Lookout Mountain of Tennessee. Let freedom ring from every hill and mole hill of Mississippi, from every mountainside. Let's be the name and we make up. Then we allowed freedom ring. When we let it read from every village and every hamlet, from every state and every city. We will be able to speed up that day when all of God's children, black men and white men, Jews, and Gentiles, Protestants, and Catholics, will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual, free at last, free at last. Thank God Almighty, we'll fear.
